###GSP 

GSP313 : Implement Load Balancing on Compute Engine: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP313.md

GSP345 : Build Infrastructure with Terraform on Google Cloud Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP345.md

GSP321 : Develop your Google Cloud Network: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP321.md

GSP322 : Build a Secure Google Cloud Network: Challenge Lab    
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP322.md

GSP315 : Set Up an App Dev Environment on Google Cloud Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP315.md

GSP318 : Deploy Kubernetes Applications on Google Cloud: Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP318.md

GSP101 : Deploy and Troubleshoot a Website: Challenge Lab    
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP101.md

GSP314 : Set Up a Google Cloud Network: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP314.md

GSP343 : Optimize Costs for Google Kubernetes Engine: Challenge Lab     
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP343.md

GSP319 : Build a Website on Google Cloud: Challenge Lab   


GSP328 : Develop Serverless Applications on Cloud Run: Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP328.md

GSP303 : Configure Secure RDP using a Windows Bastion Host: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP303.md

GSP375 : Share Data using Google Data Cloud: Challenge Lab   


GSP305 : Scale Out and Update a Containerized Application on a Kubernetes Cluster: Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP305.md

GSP304 : Build and Deploy a Docker Image to a Kubernetes Cluster: Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP304.md

GSP062 : Building a High-throughput VPN   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP062.md

GSP1075 : Using BigQuery Omni with AWS   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP1075.md



GSP101 : Deploy and Troubleshoot a Website: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/GSP101.md

### ARCADE 

ARC100 : Store, Process, and Manage Data on Google Cloud: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC100.md

ARC101 : Monitor and Manage Google Cloud Resources: Challenge Lab   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC101.md

ARC103 : Analyze BigQuery data in Connected Sheets: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC103.md

ARC104 : Cloud Functions: 3 Ways: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC104.md

ARC106 : Streaming Analytics into BigQuery: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC106.md

ARC109 : Getting Started with API Gateway: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC109.md

ARC111 : Get Started with Cloud Storage: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC111.md

ARC113 : Get Started with Pub/Sub: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC113.md

ARC114 :  Generative AI: Cloud Architect Revision   
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC114.md

ARC117 : Get Started with Dataplex: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC117.md

ARC118 : Get Started with Eventarc: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC118.md

ARC124 : Networking Fundamentals on Google Cloud: Challenge Lab     
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC124.md

ARC125 : Use APIs to Work with Cloud Storage: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC125.md

ARC130 : Analyze Sentiment with Natural Language API: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC130.md

ARC131 : Using the Google Cloud Speech API: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC131.md

ARC133 : Integrate BigQuery Data and Google Workspace using Apps Script: Challenge Lab  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC133.md

ARC140 : Arcade Hero: Enter the Inbound Firewall  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC140.md

ARC141 : Arcade Hero: Enter the Outbound Firewall  
https://github.com/tariqsheikhsw/GoogleCloudArchitectLabs/blob/main/ARC141.md



